Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
No! I swear down. man!
I told you everything I know...
Fuck!
Please. please. man!
I don't know anything!
I swear. please!
We wasn't there long.
Just fucked with
some gyppo kid's wheels!
That's it. That's all!
That's all I saw!
You've got to believe me!
No!
Fuck! Oh. please!
No. no. please!
Please!
I told you. we ran
when we saw the Rolls.
We just got the fuck away
when we saw them.
I wouldn't mess with you. man.
Look at me.
I'm a fucking nobody!
I'm fucking no one!
No. no! Please!
Please don't kill me!
Please! No!
What else can I do?
No. please. please!
Please don't kill me!
No...
No. please!
Please!
Alright?
Did you get it?
Shut the fuck up. man.
Fuck's sake.
So did you get it?
Aye.
You gonna do it?
Maybe.
I dunno.
Oi. Ioan! What the fuck?
Where do you think you're going?
Just off to grab
a couple cans.
You got my keys?
I won't be long. I'll fill
her up on the way back.
Right then. bring us
back a flagon or two. eh?
Sure. Patrick. dim probs.
You're buying.
The fuck I am!
What the fuck you doing?
Oi. do you want the car
or not?
Alright. man. alright.
So. uh...
did they say who it is?
I told you.
It's just some paedo.
Is three gonna be enough?
I fucking hope so.
You sure you wanna do this?
Fuck.
Yo!
Oi. oi!
What's all this?
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck...
Tell me this prick knows
whose parking space that is.
I'm betting he don't.
Well. he's about
to find out. ain't he?
What you think ya doing?
Just parked up in our space
like he doesn't give
a fucking damn.
Oi. yo!
You fucking blind?
Prick. what you doing?
Who's dat?
Why so jumpy. cuz?
Open the door.
I said open the fucking door!
Pop the bonnet.
Shut the fuck up. man!
Get your car to open up!
No. no. please. man.
don't do anything to the car!
Man. what'd I tell you?
I'm begging you. please!
Shut up. bruv.
Open the fucking door!
Yo. bounce! Bounce! Bounce!
Quick!
Keep it running. Jack.
Oh. shit. shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit. shit. shit!
No... Please pick up.
please pick up. please pick up.
Come on. please pick up...
Please leave
your message after the tone.
Darren. don't fucking do it.
It ain't who they said.
How you doing. mate?
Yeah. fine. thanks.
Mm-hm.
The fuck you doing
in Albania. boy?
Soon as my girl comes down
I'll be on my way.
Always keeps me waiting.
she does.
Girl?
Really?
Went for the car. did she?
Oh. fuck!
Fuck!
Oh. fuck.
Ioan!
What the fuck. Darren!
Shut the fucking door!
After you. big man.
Thanks.
Uncle Alex!
Use your old bedroom.
Mind the boxes.
Good to see you.
Danny. take this.
Cheers.
Dan... Danny!
Danny. don't run. pl...
Oh. God... Danny!
Don't run.
Behave. please.
Uh. dispatch.
We have a...
hit and run currently going on.
Suspect's licence plate is...
Alpha...
Come on mate.
help me out here.
Oh...
Come here.
Uncle Alex.
when was the last time
you and Mummy stayed here?
Oh! A long time ago. Danny.
When he was your age.
Grammy Marian says
it's my room now.
Oh yeah? That may be so.
but they're my toys.
So don't you go breaking them.
Righty-o. All done.
All done.
OK. you're all set.
Go and find Grandad.
Grandad!
Really. Alex?
So this is who you are. now?
For today at least until we know
who killed Finn and why.
It doesn't suit you.
Come through.
This is a bit much.
I know. I know. I understand.
But this is how it has to be.
Just doing me job.
Excuse me.
On you go. Thank you. sir.
Put your arms up for me. please.
I thought he'd be pleased.
He wasn't.
♪ Oh. say that you'll be true
Dad. Dad. Dad. Dad!
Just let me. yeah?
♪ ...mine baby. all the time
Alright. Al?
♪ Suzie Q
You're looking good. Billy.
You know me.
Always up for a party.
C'mon. Sean. mate.
I won't go in there
pretending things are OK.
Yeah. I know.
I can't shake the hand
of the person that killed him.
No. but...
I can.
And when we know who it is.
we'll destroy them.
Look. I want the same as you.
Sean.
Honest to God. I do. but we have
to do it the right way.
Not like last night.
Sean. you could burn every kid
from that estate
but it's not gonna help us find
who murdered your father.
If we don't go in there
and convince them
that this business can function
as normal
you can forget
finding his killer.
We'll have a war on our hands.
Mm...
Maybe. Let's see.
Alex.
It's time.
Look. Sean.
You have my word.
Me and Dad. we won't fail him.
Won't fail you either.
We have a lot to cover over
the course of this meeting
and I'm sure you all understand
how busy Sean is today.
He thanks you all for coming.
And we would like to thank you
for your patience
over the course
of this last week.
Our patience isn't infinite. Ed.
Some of us still have
cargo ships
anchored out at sea.
I take it we can expect
something in return
for the losses we have incurred?
Yes?
No.
Wong. you have a box of
silicone pussies doing laps
of the Indian Ocean.
I have 80 kilos of product
sitting in the docks.
With respect. I just want
to know where we stand.
We shut everything down
because we needed to.
But more importantly
because someone chose
to kill Finn Wallace.
We're all partners here.
We rely on each other.
The system works.
As long as you comply.
Now. you all know me well enough
to know I will find out
who did this.
And when I do...
Well...
I think you all know
exactly what will happen.
Over the last week.
we have put into place
a system for transition
and by dawn. we will have
the docks back open
and fully operational.
Our investors have given us
the green light to proceed
on our established terms
so as long as things stay quiet.
the government won't have
a reason to make a sound.
I've personally liaised
with our contact at the police
to renegotiate protection
for you all.
So each and every one
of your deals
every detail that Finn carried
in his head
I have in mine.
Lale. your smack money
will be laundered
in time to send home.
Wong. your cargo will arrive
as usual
and Nasir. your father's
trade routes are secure.
But remember this.
Whoever stood to profit
from Finn's death
the numbers will lead us to you
soon enough.
They never lie.
Once again. I'd like
to thank you all for coming.
I'm so sorry. mate.
As I was saying...
We would like to thank you
all for coming.
Today we mourn the loss
of a great man
but tomorrow it will be
business as usual.
Mm-mm. No.
The tap stays off.
Sean...
Nothing gets brought in.
Nothing gets shipped out.
No dirty money is washed.
No one sells a fucking gram
on those streets.
Everything stops...
until I find out who killed him.
♪ Open your eyes
♪ Try...
♪ ...to realise
Not today. Billy. please.
♪ I found out today
♪ We're going wrong
Think about it.
When business stops
people stop talking.
Keep the gates open
the sooner my dealers
will hear something--
And the sooner you start
making money
and forget my father was killed.
No. The only business
that's going to get done
will be finding out
who pulled the trigger.
And don't think I won't watch
all of you starve
until I get that answer.
You act like it's not obvious
who was involved.
Your father was killed
in one of Luan's buildings
and his driver disappeared
on Albanian territory!
We are dealing
with the Albanians.
Yet still you punish us.
We're your business partners.
You're my customers.
Luan is cooperating. OK?
The Albanians are trying
to find out as much as they can.
And whilst he stays away.
we all suffer?
Who's in charge here. Ed?
Sean is.
And he's made himself clear.
If you want access
to our business...
you'll hunt down
my father's killer.
I'm sure he's not that far away.
OK. Thank you. everyone.
leave it with me.
We'll see you at the church.
Thank you.
Nasir.
Please tell Asif this won't
affect our arrangement.
Alex. I've come to pay
my respects. Nothing more.
Now. whatever that was.
it's between you and my father
not me.
I wasn't here. I heard nothing.
Have the car pick us up
from the back.
Don't worry about it. mate.
I got it.
United Nations in here today.
Fuck me. Elliot!
What were you hoping for?
That they'd ask you
to carry the coffin?
Piss off. Jim.
Loads of people out there.
Crowd control and that.
Yeah. well.
they're all in here now
so stay put.
It's a funeral.
not a job interview.
Suit and tie can't hide
a washed-up squaddie.
No matter how hard you try.
Know your place.
Whoa!
Things are looking up.
They're about to bury your boss.
Twenty years of service
and I never even met the man.
The money you just
skimmed from me
buy us both a drink with it
and put the rest back.
Any update on Jack?
Nah. nothing yet.
No one's seen or heard of him
since Finn was killed.
He's just his fucking driver.
You don't think he...
No.
We don't.
Jevan. Good of you to come.
Of course.
They send their condolences.
Thank you. This way.
I appreciate it.
Thank you for everything.
Sorry for your loss.
Uh. would you...
would you please excuse me?
Oh. of course.
The family pew is at the front
of the church. please join us.
No.
If not for me. for your father.
That's rich. Marian.
Mum.
No. no...
Think they'll be OK?
Dad's dead.
They're in the same room.
What do you think?
Come on. Jacs.
just come to the front.
Don't start. Sean.
Mum's just had a go.
Jacqueline. for the both of us.
please.
It'll be OK.
I'll sit between you.
If we can get one good thing
out of today...
Come on.
Thank you.
Pub's this way. lads.
Get those fucking cars
off the road.
Come on. let's buy you a drink.
Detective.
CCTV from the night
Finn was killed.
Make sure your dad knows
it came from me.
Luan. Is this wise?
Edward. I must say...
I was a bit surprised
not to be invited
to such an important meeting
this morning.
Well. you weren't invited
to the church either
but here you are.
I'm here to pay my respects.
The same as everyone.
But more importantly.
I want to know
that our agreement
will still be honoured.
Your agreement died with Finn.
If you need anything.
let me know.
Thank you.
I stuck to my side of the deal.
I did what was asked of me.
I don't know what you had on him
but now is not the time.
I decide when.
I decide where. Not you.
The fuck is he doing here?
Sean. we've never been
properly introduced.
Luan Dushaj.
At moments like these.
I know
the fingers are quick to point.
Yeah. and they're only pointing
in one direction.
I can assure you. we had
no hand in his death.
But we'll find answers.
Look forward to it.
Now grab a hymn book.
take a seat
and pay your fucking respects.
Fucking nerve on them.
coming here.
You know. I offered to send
a couple of boys
to Little Albania.
Make it right.
That's nice of you.
Well. I say I offered.
I thought about it.
It's the thought
that counts. Jim.
Alright. Bes?
Are we good?
Ish.
Hey.
I have nothing to hide.
That's good.
Still. your lot
really shouldn't be here.
Oh. is that so?
Jog on. mate.
You're blocking the sun.
Elliot...
seriously?
So why did you kill Finn?
That wasn't mine.
Jim! You gonna let this
fucking prick bark at me?
The fuck. Jim?
We're here to keep
the peace. Elliot.
No matter the cunt.
Heel!
Fuck off. you prick.
To Finn Wallace.
"No Blacks.
No Irish."
A city of closed doors
brought us together
united us.
That's how Finn and I started
working together.
Finn came over.
as a 12-year-old immigrant.
We met as young teenagers
on the streets of London.
"You and me.
we're just the same."
That's what he said to me.
Illegitimate bastard children
of the great British Empire.
We made an agreement.
By the time we were done...
there would not be
one single door
in this city
that we could not get behind.
He led.
I followed.
And I am so proud
to have worked for the man
all these long years.
When I lost my w...
When I lost my wife. Ayana
it was Finn and Marian
who shielded Shannon
and Alexander from the pain
of watching their mother fade.
They...
They are my family.
And so I say to you. Marian...
Sean. Jackie. Billy.
I dedicate my heart
and soul to you.
This is from the back
of the building.
Watch.
That's Jack.
Finn's driver. he's still alive.
If we find them. we find him.
Play it back.
Who the fuck are you?
Elliot. I work for Jim.
Who the fuck's Jim?
Nobody. just play it back.
I think I recognise that van.
That's Besmir.
Who?
One of Luan's boys.
You just walked him
across the street.
He's wearing
the same fucking jacket.
He's in the pub downing shots.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah.
Broken rear tail light
passenger side.
Dent above the bumper.
It's his van. It's Besmir.
Right. you go over there. show
him who you're talking about.
That's all you do. Nothing more.
Of course.
Don't let him out of your sight.
If he leaves
you follow but lowkey.
unseen.
Understood?
Mark! Do not fuck this up.
Right. let's take
this fucker out
make sure my path is clear.
Wait. Alexander said--
Fuck that office boy.
he's out of his depth.
We'll take him straight
to Sean ourselves.
No. this is not supposed--
Either stay down or fuck off.
I know what an Albanian
looks like.
Right. which one of you fucks
is Besmir?
Shit.
Where the fuck's Besmir?
Come 'ere!
Besmir!
Fuck off!
Molly. come here!
Come here!
Where is he? Where's Jack?
I swear I don't know!
Fuck off! You were seen!
Your van arrived very quickly.
scooped him up.
Fuck you. Elliot!
We can keep playing games
but I've got orders
to take you to Sean.
So who would you rather talk to?
Me or him?
Fuck... Wait. wait!
We were out picking up score.
We heard gunshots.
I get a call. shit's going down.
We just turned up to it.
I swear we didn't expect
to find what we did.
So why didn't you take Jack
back to the Wallaces. huh?
We wouldn't fucking be here!
Fucking Sean would kill me
on his own doorstep.
That driver didn't wake up
for days.
He's the only one to say
I didn't kill Finn
and when he does wake
he don't say shit.
I tried telling Luan
at the church
but we were sent away.
What else I do?
Wait. wait. wait...
Jack's awake?
Take me to him.
Elliot.
you have no fucking idea.
Take me!
Finn Wallace may be gone
but I still see him
everywhere I go.
Look around.
You'll see him too.
I could hear him
as you all filed in
and took your seats.
He lives on in the murmurs
of a thousand languages
each telling their story
of how...
Finn Wallace was able
to change their life.
His story...
is forever carved
into the skyline of this city.
A city he transformed
into his likeness.
And I miss the man.
I miss him.
More than any amount
of words can say.
His smile alone would have
washed away the silence
that fills this room.
Finn Wallace.
Dad.
He believed in people.
He believed
in giving opportunities
to the disadvantaged.
He gave.
He supported.
He did so much for all of us.
All of you.
My Father was taken from us
on the streets of London.
And now London
will deliver to us
those that took him.
Finn Wallace...
is still here.
He's in me.
Almost there.
You two stay here.
Where we going?
That way.
This way.
Go!
Here.
You've been keeping him here?
Would anyone have looked?
Move.
We've just come
to collect someone.
Nothing more.
Fucking come on.
Tell 'em.
Come on!
Open the door!
Tell him!
He's in much better shape now
than when we picked him up.
Trust me.
Can you walk?
Who the fuck are you?
I'm gonna take you back
to the Wallaces.
Come on. Let's get you up.
Make sure you tell Sean
we took care of him.
I didn't know what went down--
Don't recognise you.
No reason to.
Elliot.
You... you must be Jack.
A lot of people have been
looking for you.
I had no knowledge you were
being held in here.
But here you are. still alive.
You came so far
and I trust you can find
your way safely back.
Please.
Ah...
Elliot...
Do not ever come to my place
of business
brandishing a weapon again.
I just came for him.
And I let you.
Make that clear
when you take him back.
Oh. God!
Fuck! Fuck...
Mind your head.
What the fuck
has happened to him?
Just go!
Drive!
Oh fucking... fucking Jesus.
Oh. God!
Oh. fuck...
Jack. Jack. tell me
what you know.
I fucked up. man.
I... I should've...
What happened?
Who killed him?
Jack?
Kids.
Fucking nobodies. man.
Fucking nobodies.
I seen something.
Red Nova...
Mm-hmm?
Yes?
G... four...
four... three...
OK. yeah. Red Nova G443...
S... A... V.
We should leave.
Should we leave?
Darren!
I don't know. OK!
They have to know it was us.
And if they don't by now.
your dad will.
We got enough here to lay low.
just have to wait.
For how long?
I mean. it's not like you just
fucking forget
something like that.
Call them again.
Look. they might be
able to do something
to help us.
I keep tellin' you.
It's a dead line.
They fucked us.
We're on our own.
Oh. bollocks. he's leaking.
Grab us a towel. will you?
Fucking boys. where you off to?
Jesus Christ!
No. no. please. no!
No. no...
Fuck!
Where's your fucking brother?
I--
Cos I heard he had
a fucking pistol on 'im!
And he and my boy went
and put a bullet
in some Albanian nobody.
Now I ain't seen either since.
But I know they're not in hiding
cos of some
fucking dead Albanian!
Swear to God
I don't know anything!
Well. that makes two of us now!
Dad!
Ioan. he asked if he could
borrow her.
I swear to God. Kinney.
I don't know any...
Please! Don't!
Find 'em! Both of 'em!
I want Luan
right here. on his knees
explaining himself.
His men took Jack.
and I want to know why.
OK. Sean. just stop. stop.
Dragging Luan across
the city now
makes us look desperate.
We have got to play this right.
I have the entire city
looking for his killer.
We are making enemies
out of business partners.
And the longer that goes on.
the sooner they turn on us!
We've got to find
a peaceful solution to this.
Did you see
my dad's face in there?
I'm not interested in peace.
Marian. talk to your boy.
I agree with Sean.
Whoever killed my husband
remains an enemy to this family.
If we back down now.
they'll walk all over us.
It's not about backing--
Enough. Enough!
All of you.
Our strength lies
in our unity.
That's what your dad
built for us.
Listen. son.
I want nothing more
than to bring you the head
of whoever the hell
had the guts to do this to us.
But in that meeting.
this morning
you acted alone.
And that makes us look weak
and divided.
Work with me. Sean
and I promise you
I will give you everything
just like I did for your father.
I'm glad to hear it.
Take your fucking hands off him!
Jack? Jack!
Get him in the boardroom!
Gotcha!
About fucking time...
Get him outside.
No. no! He stays.
Come on. Jack.
Come on. Jack. it's OK.
Get a doctor. Get a doctor!
Come on. Jack.
Where have you been?
Jack. please...
Fuck!
How's he doing in there?
He passed out.
Yeah. he does that a lot.
Who the fuck are you?
It's OK. he's one of ours.
He's the twat
that tore up the pub.
Elliot. I'm the one
who found him.
You did all that.
on your own?
What was it? Six of them?
Eight. But I had a dart. so...
Come on.
If he wanted to.
Luan could've killed us
there and then. easily.
Doctor gave him a shot.
He'll be out until the morning.
Take him back to his flat.
he needs rest.
Let him sleep it off.
we'll grill him in the morning.
Sean...
Trust me.
It's a good thing
you didn't need it.
Get on your knees.
Sean!
No. I don't buy it.
Look. Luan gave Jack back to us.
That has to mean something.
No. no. no.
He sent you. didn't he?
What? No. No. I work for Jim.
I work for you.
You expect me to believe
some street grunt
can do what you just did?
We spent a week
searching the city
you find him in a day?
It's bullshit!
You're a fucking wooden horse!
Go on then. cut me open!
Don't even.
I'm my father's son
and I will take
a fucking belt sander
to your eyes if you don't
start talking.
Fuck off!
The shit I've been through today
for you.
Risked my life
to drag that dizzy cunt
to your door and you put
a fucking gun to my head?
Fuck you!
You done?
He saw who did it. Jack.
He saw who killed your father.
He said...
He said it was
a couple of pikey kids.
Are you fucking high?
I'm just telling you
what he said.
What else?
He gave me a number plate.
I swear to God. if any of this
is fucking bullshit...
Yeah. yeah. belt sander.
I get it. but...
when you find out
this is true...
I work for you.
Not Jim.
Not even fucking Mark.
You.
Right.
Make it known.
I want everyone searching
for these fuckers.
I don't care if they work for us
or they're paid off by us
they join the hunt.
It's Elliot. right?
That includes you.
Dad?
...and there's some
money to be made
if you play your cards--
Elliot?
Give us a second.
Make a cup of tea first.
Oh. no. Carer made me
a fresh one before she left.
Oh yeah?
When was that?
A month ago?
Got more skin on it than
Auntie Joan.
Nah. it's alright.
I don't need another one.
Right.
Oh. uh... Sally said she might
not be able to come next week.
Says it's not up to her.
Don't you worry about that.
She'll be here.
£20 for the pair.
something like that.
So what about
the Red Team's choices?
That should do you a couple
weeks in advance.
Might not be able to pop in
next week. Work's picking up.
I'm sure a week late's fine.
son.
Yeah. but you know.
just in case.
Thing is...
I might not be able
to make it in for a while.
Just remember to give that
to her tomorrow. right?
Right. let me see em'.
Elliot...
Come on. put 'em up.
That's it. champ.
You know. social's fine. boy.
I'm not completely incapable.
you know?
I know you're not. Dad.
But no Sally on social.
She's taken a shine to you.
Am I gonna have to tell her
you wanna break her heart?
Ah. she's just a fine kid.
that's all.
Reminds me of Naomi.
You can't run away from it
forever. you know.
Right. that's you done.
Going down in the 4th tonight?
Elliot...
Or is it the 3rd?
It was usually one or the other.
Hardly broke a sweat
some nights. did you. Dad?
Now the Red's kitchenware
is coming under the hammer.
Lot 144...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. that was...
I'll watch a bit of telly
with you before you go to bed?
...and there's some
money to be made
if you play your cards right.
It's a full house for this sale
There's thousands of lots with
many bargains to be had.
...but the Red Team
and the Blue Team...
Ioan?
That you?
Please. Ioan.
Where are you. boy?
Pat...
I'm sorry about your car.
Fuck sake. forget about the car you useless prick.
We fucked up.
What were you thinkin'?
We didn't know. I swear.
I really did try to stop it.
The fuck are we gonna do. Pat?
Darren says we gotta lay low
while we wait it out.
There is no layin' low.
Man's too big for that.
We didn't know it'd be him.
We just did it for the money.
Please...
tell me where you are.
Let me help you.
Saint Ralph's.
by the train tracks.
Fifth floor.
I love you. Pat.
Just wait till I'm there. OK?
I'm so sorry.
Open the fucking door!
I'm sorry. Daz...
I know you're in there. Darren!
Do what I say
and open this fuckin' door!
Fuck you!
Fuck all of you!
Fuck off. Pat.
Ioan did it to himself.
Yeah. he saved his own though.
didn't he?
Blood's blood.
Yeah. and so's mine.
What are you gonna do?
Take on Kinney?
Didn't think so.
Your father'd beat you worse
than he did
just for talkin' like that.
He's no father of mine.
No dad would let that happen
to his boy!
You'd do right to be glad
he let you live.
Now bag up the money.
Alright. hands up.
Nice and slow.
Step back for us.
I said step back. please.
No!
The other one.
in the car.
Where are they taking him?
No!
Shit.
I needed that address.
And we got it to you.
I needed it sooner.
Elliot. What the fuck
have you done?
I had no choice.
I got there too late
to save the boy
and they took the other one
before I even got here.
Hey. Hey!
Two years undercover.
have I ever fucked you over?
We have an opportunity here.
In the space of a day.
I've gone from being a nobody
outside that church to being
invited into their home.
Sean Wallace himself.
calling me by name
tasking me to find the guy
who killed his father!
Belize dollars. fuck ton of it
more than anyone would pay
two kids.
It might be something.
Or it might be nothing.
It's too late.
They want you out.
Oh. f...
And I am running out of ideas
to keep you in.
We haven't delivered.
But now we can.
Vic.
Don't make this all
be for nothing.
They're clean.
Thank you.
Head west.
To Evie.
She'll have a boat waiting
once they get tired
of tracking 'im.
I'm not sorry.
Cos I'm not the one
who should be.
One day. you'll understand.
Say nothing to no one.
You hear?
Watch over him. Mal.
For me.
Of course.
OK. boss.
Hey. who's there?
Oh. it's...
Jesus. fuck. Ed.
Oh. man. I thought you were...
Good to have you back
with us. Jack.
Thank you.
They found money on him.
On his body.
Yeah.
Yeah. he had a bag of it
on him.
I'm tired. Jack.
I'm tired of being the one
holding all of this together.
Look. Ed...
sooner or later.
they're gonna find out
about her.
about all of this. sh--
Jack.
But they're not gonna hear it
from me.
You understand me?
They're not gonna hear it
from me. not one word about...
Fuck. man.
When they do know.
they're gonna wanna know
why I didn't tell 'em.
Look. I guess. I just...
I just wanna make sure that
I'm in the clear is all. Ed.
You know?
Where were you taking him?
Later. what was the plan?
I don't know.
Yeah. you do.
I took a fucking car
to the body. man.
I didn't do nothing wrong.
No one's gonna think that.
OK? No one.
Trust me.
Ed...
I can't move.
I can't move my arm.
I know.
No.
No. please...
Ed.
Man...
Please. man!
No...
Believe me.
I take no enjoyment in this.
I wish I didn't have to do it.
But I do.
The truth is I haven't had to
do this for years.
But it's for the good
of the family. Jack...
It really is.
And that's all there is to it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm